# Jay Hussaini's Orbital Witness technical test

This system is built using Python 3.11

## Running the API

Before running for the first time install the dependencies:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

install the server:

`pip install "uvicorn[standard]"`

Run `uvicorn main:app --reload` from the root folder to start the API.

The API can then be reached at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`

## Running the tests

`pip install pytest`

`pip install httpx`

### Unit tests

`python -m pytest unit_tests/`

### Integration tests

`python -m pytest integration_tests/`

## API specification

The following documentation is autogenerated by FastAPI.
The swagger UI can be used to make calls to the API directly from the documentation.

[SwaggerUI](http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs)

[ReDoc](http://127.0.0.1:8000/redoc)

## GUI Frontend

I have created a simple frontend GUI for the system using Jinja2 which can be found at http://127.0.0.1:8000/gui/titles.
In order to keep it simple I have not styled it or provided an interface to the sorting or filtering, though these features can
still be accessed via query parameter the same as the API.

In a larger system I would likely create this frontend in a separate project and use HTTP requests to call the API.

## Notes

- `test_list_titles_second_page_empty` demonstrates that when paging beyond the limit of
the result set an empty array will be returned. Instead, it might be desirable to check
for this and return a warning.

- I have left the sample title data as is and accessed it directly from the JSON file for simplicity.
In a production system the `data_store.py` file would access title data from an external source,
i.e. a database or another API.
